Ariel Fieldman
Current Address: 208 South 41 st Street, Philadelphia, PA, 19104
Permanent Address: 40 Turf Lane, Roslyn Heights, NY, 11577
fieldman@sas.upenn.edu || (516) 662-9699Education
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 2012-Present
? Bachelor of Arts candidate in Politics, Philosophy, and Economics 
? Cumulative GPA: 2.9
? Major GPA: 3.15The Wheatley School, Old Westbury, New York 2008-2012Work ExperienceIntern, New York Anesthesiology Provider June-August, 2013-2014? Performed healthcare related filing and paperwork ? Organized offices, edited letters and notes? Wrote letters to patients and insurance companiesOwner/Trainer, Personal Training Business June-August 2014? Worked with and trained a variety of clients in personal fitness? Gave nutritional advice? Wrote sustainable workout and dietary plansHostess, Jolly Fisherman and Steak House January-July 2012? Created schedules and made reservations? Performed cash register duties? Implemented seating charts and answered telephone calls Volunteer ExperienceBig Sister, Big Brothers Big Sisters Philadelphia January-April 2014? Interacted with my “little sister” at a Philadelphia elementary school by reading, drawing, playing games, assisting with schoolworkTutor, Rising Stars Basketball Organization September 2011-August 2012? Worked with children ages 12-16 on math, reading, and writing skills? Assisted children with schoolwork and test preparationActivitiesUniversity of Pennsylvania? Varsity Track and Field: Heptathlete? Penn Outdoors Club: Member? Penn Athletics Green Team: Promoted sustainable practices at Penn Athletics events? Mr. and Mrs. Penn Bodybuilding: ContestantThe Wheatley School? Varsity Track and Field: Captain? Varsity Basketball: CaptainSkills? Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, and internet research? Excellent writing and editing skills? Experience with filing, organization, and paperwork in office settingsNEXTRESUME
Andrew Sherman
as4qs@virginia.eduEDUCATIONUniversity of Virginia Charlottesville, VAB.S. in Commerce & B.A. in Economics August 2012 – May 2016• GPA: 3.91/4.0• Echols Scholar (top 5% of class), Dean’s List, Ernst & Young Emerging Leaders ProgramHalf Hollow Hills High School East Dix Hills, NYGraduated in top 5% of class September 2008 – June 2012• SAT: 2270; Math: 800, Reading: 740, Writing: 730• Siemens Regional Finalist, International DECA Finalist, International Science and Engineering Fair Finalist (ISEF)WORK EXPERIENCEEvercore New York, NY	Investment Banking Summer Analyst June 2015 – August 2015• Accepted Analyst offer to begin June 2016• Built detailed financial models and conducted valuation analyses, including comparable companies, precedent transactions, discounted cash flow, sum of the parts, and analysis across various prices• Performed due diligence, assisted with financial models, and prepared presentation materials for the strategic advisory of an $2 billion live-event streaming company, $2 billion semiconductor company, $400 million shipping company, and $200 million battery technology companySignal Hill Capital Group New York, NY	Investment Banking Intern June 2014 – August 2014• Worked extensively on $30M big data analytics, $60M application security, $600M information security, $250M senior healthcare, and $400M endpoint security deals• Performed research and analysis on big data analytics industry with the goal of building out a new practiceSignal Hill Capital Group New York, NY	Investment Banking Intern June 2013 – August 2013• Drafted, researched, updated, and formatted sell-side pitch books for a $55M cloud based IT Security company and $35M training and certification companyEXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIESAlpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity	Vice President of Alumni Relations May 2013 - Present• Participated in a semester long business skill building process by completing projects such as a stock pitch, marketing and consulting case studies, and creating a business plan for a start up• Organize and coach pledges to create a thesis on four contentious stock in a semi-annual stock pitch competitionAlternative Investment Fund	CFO August 2012 - Present• Responsible for managing a $20k portfolio and assist in coaching members conduct financial analysis on securities• Pitched Westport Innovations – observed returns ~ 79.3%, WABCO Holdings – observed returns ~ 56.8%, Gemalto– observed returns ~ 11.9%Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute – Dr. K.V. Lakshmi Lab	Research Intern July 2011 - August 2012• Researched the principles of photosynthesis with the goal of creating a new generation of solar energy devicesSKILLS & INTERESTSComputer: Microsoft Office Suite including Excel, Word, and PowerPoint (Proficient), Capital IQ (Intermediate), FactSet (Intermediate), Morningstar (Intermediate), JAVA (Beginner)Languages: English (Native), Spanish (Conversational), Hindi (Conversational)Interests: Alternative Energy, Film Scores, Jainism, Mythology, Scuba DivingNEXTRESUME
Bradley M.H. Cornell
1384 Waxwing Place, Louisville, KY 40223| Phone: (502) 619-9439 (cell)| E-mail: bmc4xv@virginia.eduUniversity of Virginia, Class of 2016, Charlottesville, Virginia Expected May 2016• Cumulative GPA: 3.76/4.0:• B.S. in Commerce: Concentration in Finance & Marketing• Henry R. Odell Scholarship• Boston Consulting Group: Bridge to Consulting Workshop• BlackRock, Inc.: Find Your Future Forum• KPMG LLP: Fast Forward National Leadership ProgramAccenture, Washington, D.C. Jun. 2015-Aug 2015Paid Internship as Strategy Analyst• Created an extensive business plan to re-design the entire international mail handling process for USPS• Designed a thorough model that tested and proved the business plan’s effectiveness• Presented the final results to the senior leadership, convincing them to propose it to the clientHousing & Residential Life, Charlottesville, Virginia Aug. 2013-May 2015• Accomplished the highest participation and ratings for resident evaluations for four straight semesters• Managed sexual assault, intoxication, depression, suicidal thoughts, and moreNeighbor Boys, Charlottesville, Virginia May 2014-Aug. 2014Chief Executive Officer• Started and managed a business with revenues greater than $30,000 that specialized in exterior house work• Hired 20 employees for over 100 different projects around the Charlottesville and Northern Virginia areasAlpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity, Charlottesville, Virginia Jan. 2013-PresentPresident• Lead a general membership of 70 and an Executive Board of 9 officers with an annual operating budget of $25,000• Creating the first endowment through an alumni fundraising campaign• Enhanced Constitution: designed new leadership team, re-organized chapter meetings, and altered pledging processKids Acting Out, Charlottesville, Virginia Jan. 2013-PresentPresident• Run children’s theater with 10 directors and 50 elementary students, producing multiple shows a year• Launched a program to expand the organization into new elementary and middle schools• Awarded largest Public Service Grant in the organization’s historyTrustees, Charlottesville, Virginia May 2015-PresentChair of Lighting of the Lawn & Executive Board Member• Chairing largest event on grounds with an $11,000 budget and a committee of 5 chairs and 30 members• Collaborating with Theatre Department, Alumni Association, and Facilities Management• Administrating over 20 a cappella groups, Pavilion Residents, Deans, Faculty, and Lawn ResidentsLanguages: English (Native), German (Basic), and Mandarin Chinese (Basic)Computer Skills: Microsoft Office Suite (Proficient), Microsoft Visio (Proficient), VBA (Proficient), C++ (Proficient), Adobe Photoshop (Basic), HTML and CSS (Proficient)NEXTRESUME
Hannah Merkel
2101 Claremont Drive (208) 514-5622Boise, ID 83702 hgm9jf@virginia.eduUNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA May 2018Intended Major: B.Sc. in Commerce Charlottesville, VA
? GPA: 3.85/4.0? SAT: 2160—Math: 720, Reading 690, Writing 750UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA IN VALENCIA May 2015-June 2015Spanish Valencia, Spain? Spoke 4+ hours each day in discussion based classes? Wrote 4 short essays in Spanish? Collaborated with others in a class of nine studentsABERCROMBIE AND FITCH June 2014-August 2014? Marketed clothing to customers? Organized inventory 100+ stylesMARGENE’S BRIDAL January 2014-May 2014? Provided recommendations for gown style? Maintained inventory of 500+ gowns? Assisted with bridal appointmentsEXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIESALPHA KAPPA PSI PROFESSIONAL BUSINESS FRATERNITY September 2015-Present? Won stock pitch competition? Won case consulting competition? Completed weekly assignments in different fields of businessCLASS COUNCIL May 2015-PresentSecond Year Council Marketing Liaison? Design graphics for social media and print? Plan and execute social events for 1000+ students? Communicate between the marketing and social committees? Manage social media accounts and events that reach 3000+ studentsHELPLINE OUTREACH August 2015-Present? Design 2 to 3 social media graphics per semester? Present to 3+ organizations at UVA per semester? Spread awareness to student body of 15,000+SKILLS, OTHER ACTIVITIES &amp; INTERESTS? Languages: Working proficiency in Spanish? Skills: Microsoft Office, graphic design? Interests: Dance—Treasurer of Rhapsody Ballet Ensemble, member of X-tasee Dance Crew; volunteering; event planning; travel; Spanish; modeling and pageantsNEXTRESUME
Melissa Chiu
mmz4cy@virginia.eduUNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIAB.Sc. in Commerce—Finance &Marketing Charlottesville, VA
? GPA: 3.9/4.0? SAT: 2260—Math: 790, Reading: 700, Writing: 770? Honors: Intermediate Honors (top 20% of class), Dean’s List (Fall 2013 – Spring 2015)IXPERIENCE SUMMER TECH ACADEMY June 2015-AugustWeb Development Cape Town, South? Worked intensively in HTML, CSS, Ruby, and Rails? Created skill sharing web application to facilitate employment in South AfricaWORK EXPERIENCEMAGNETIC SOFTWARE June 2015-AugustWeb Development Intern Cape Town, South Africa? Implemented Javascript and jQuery functions to management software used by 800+ small businesses? Analyzed 5 years of Intercom and Google Analytics data to investigate retention rates of 2000+ users? Created Javascript actions to integrate Magnetic software API with external client APIs using ZapierOFFICE OF THE DEAN OF STUDENTS August 2014-Student Activities Center Assistant Charlottesville, VA? Provide customer service and information to student organizations and general student body? Assist in maintenance and administration of a student space that services 600+ student organizations? Manage equipment valued at $20,000+ including event management and print accounting softwareLEADERSHIP & ACTIVITIESALPHA KAPPA PSI—ALPHA GAMMA CHAPTER September 2014-Vice President of Professional Events, Social Chair? Establish professional mentorship within the brotherhood? Secure company sponsorships, private networking sessions, and case competitions? Organized 5 social events per semester for the enjoyment of 60+ membersHACKCVILLE April 2015-Operations Coordinator, Business Programming Coordinator? Maintain and improve HackCville website and house technology? Collaborate with a team of 5 to plan 60+ events for 1,000+ students? Coordinate with faculty, organizations, and Charlottesville businesses to host workshops and speakersCLASS COUNCIL May 2015-Third Year Council Co-Chair? Orchestrate events and produced merchandise for the class of 2017? Contract with third parties for events accommodating up to 1,000 students? Co-chair social committee, managing 11 third year members and a budget of $10,000SMART WOMAN SECURITIES (SWS) April 2014-Marketing Committee Member, TMT Investment Analyst? Research TMT industry stocks for investment of $17,500 portfolio; 7.81% portfolio return last year? Composed annual report for SWS activities during the 2013-2014 school yearSKILLS, OTHER ACTIVITIES & INTERESTS? Technical Skills: Microsoft Suite, Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Photoshop, Illustrator ? Interests: Dance—ballet, contemporary, bhangra; child/peer mentoring; event planning; Chinese culture; graphic designNEXTRESUME
Matthew Jerome Fischer
mjd2bc@virginia.eduUniversity of Virginia (UVA) Charlottesville, Virginia? B.S. in Commerce, Minor in Economics (Expected Graduation: May 2018)
? GPA: 3.8/4.0High Technology High School (HTHS) Lincroft, New Jersey? GPA: 95.7/100 (September 2010 - June 2014)? #1 Public School in the Nation (Business Insider), #1 STEM School in the Nation (US News &World Report)? Student Council President, Key Club President, National Honor Society TreasurerAlpha Kappa Psi Professional Business Fraternity Charlottesville, VirginiaExecutive Board Member, Rush Chair, Community Service Chair (February 2015 - Present)? Planned info sessions, networking events, interviews, and deliberations to select new members of the fraternity? Analyzed cash flows, industry trends, and risks to determine whether Chipotle (CMG) was a good investment? Developed a marketing strategy for Bluesmart, Inc., a rising company in the consumer goods industry? Won first place in a case competition, consulting for Omidyar Network, a philanthropic investment firm? Presented a business plan for a tutoring services start-up to a professor at the Darden School of BusinessMcIntire Investment Institute Charlottesville, VirginiaAnalyst (September 2014 - Present)? Largest student-run long/short equity fund at UVA with a portfolio valued at approximately $600,000? Valued companies through qualitative and quantitative analysis of financial reports and current events? Created two comprehensive stock memos and valuations to pitch investment ideas to the organizationEnactus Charlottesville, VirginiaProject Member (August 2015 - Present)? Student organization that provides opportunities to consult for local social enterprises and startups? Facilitated Tranlin, Inc. on a project to revamp the firm’s marketing strategy and increase brand recognition, including an 800% increase in traffic for the company’s webpage in only three monthsCornerstone Research Case Competition Charlottesville, VirginiaScholarship Award Winner (September 2015)? Economic and financial consulting challenge that required students to analyze the biomedical technology industry to determine whether the FTC should allow a merger between two hypothetical firms within the industry? Communicated findings through a written paper and final-round presentation to Cornerstone Research employeesTwo River Community Bank Tinton Falls, New JerseyCustomer Service Representative and Seasonal Teller (June 2015 – August 2015)? Helped customers make banking decisions and manage personal finances? Processed various banking transactions and handled tens of thousands of dollars in cash every day? Created legal and credit documentation for records of client financial transactions? Documented Small Business Loan files to help small businesses apply for SBA financingCircle K International Charlottesville, VirginiaVice President of Administration, Newsletter Editor (August 2014 - Present)? Service organization that provides opportunities to foster a lifelong commitment to making positive global change? Worked on executive board to plan service projects, manage auxiliary board members, and make newsletters? Volunteered at Salvation Army and City Schoolyard Garden; helped run Breakfast With Santa eventSkills: Basic Java, Microsoft Office, Leadership Interests: Volunteering, Social Enterprise, Traveling, EntertainmentNEXTRESUME
Matt Gerschwin

EDUCATIONUniversity of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA May 2017Bachelor of Arts in Economics, minor in Psychology, Dean’s List Current GPA: 3.4EXPERIENCESMarketing Intern, Gainsight, Silicon Valley, CA Jun 2015-Aug 2015? Developed and executed engagement plan for a career fair, which had over 200 signups? Wrote materials used by the sales and business development teams to pursue leads? Created Marketo campaigns to track website visitors and expand company database? Expanded company website to include additional Customer Success community pages? Evaluated factors influencing some of the company’s highest SAL generating eventsResearch Intern, Prague Security Studies Institute, Prague, Czech Republic Jul 2014-Aug 2014? Assisted PSSI staff to assess geopolitical risk and counter threat finance? Analyzed pertinent geopolitical transactions focusing on Russia and China to optimize visual analytic systemResearch Intern, RWR Advisory Group, LLC, Washington, DC Jul 2013-Aug 2013? Investigated large state-owned enterprises and the transactions they were making worldwide for company database? Researched company structures to accurately represent company relationships worldwideVice President, Alpha Kappa Psi Professional Business Fraternity, Charlottesville, VA Jan 2015-Present? Won a stock pitch competition judged by three hedge fund analysts pitching SunEdison? Facilitated communication between the UVA AKPsi chapter, the national organization and other Virginia chapters? Presented a business plan to a professor of the University of Virginia’s Darden School of Business? Analyzed the Indian IT industry and recommended investment strategies for a case competition? Developed public speaking and PowerPoint skills by giving 2-3 presentations per week for 8 weeks? Organized an average of 2 events per week for over 65 active brothers as social chairCommittee Chair, UVA Class Council, Charlottesville, VA Sept 2013-Present? Orchestrated events designed to foster a sense of community amongst the class of 2017? Contracted with third parties to reserve spaces and provide food for events accommodating up to 1,200 students? Co-chaired Social and Entertainment committee, managing 13 student members and a budget of $13,000Community Manager, HackCville, Charlottesville, VA Feb 2015-Present? Organized networking and social events to forge relationships between 120+ active members? Designed and sold custom cereal boxes at a 50% profit margin for a student competitionParticipant, U.S. State Department National Security Language Initiative for Youth, Amman, Jordan Jun 2011-Jul 2011? Accepted as one of fifteen students among thousands for a national program for Arab language and culture studies? Studied Arabic on a daily basis in a classroom as well as with host familySKILLS & INTERESTSLanguage: Proficient Spanish, Elementary ArabicInterests: Squash
NEXTRESUME
Oliver McQueen
528 Valley Road, Charlottesville, VA 22903 | (434) 249-8970 | obf8zq@virginia.eduMcIntire School of Commerce, University of VirginiaB.S. in Commerce with Finance concentration and B.A. in Economics• Overall GPA: 3.68/4.0 (Commerce: 3.69/4.0, Economics: 3.88/4.0), Dean’s List (Five Semesters)• SAT: 800 Math, 700 Reading, 690 WritingLondon School of Economics and Political ScienceSummer school: Business Analysis and Valuation course London, United Kingdom• Top 1% of course, with grade of A+Work ExperienceSummer Restructuring Analyst (to return full time) New York City, NY• Assisted creditors in EFH bankruptcy through the creation of recovery scenarios, management compensation comparables and weekly debt trading analyses• Advised creditors to a large automotive company on a settlement for its obligation by developing an analysis of similar precedent transactions and a thorough scrutiny of the creditorBanque Baring Brothers SturdzaSummer Analyst Geneva, Switzerland• Interdepartmental rotational program in US Equity Fund, Fixed Income and Operations• Analyzed current macroeconomic trends and their influence on different asset classes and products• Updated model portfolios according to company-wide strategic decisionsPromoter and Assistant Sales Manager• Personally promoted TG&M in 350+ North European golf clubs • Represented TG&M at renowned golf shows, such as “Salon du Golf” (Paris,FR) and “CMT” (Stuttgart,DE)• Provided sales manager with necessary summarized information on customer needs and problemsEXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIESCommunity Honor Fund Co-founder and Vice President of Technology May 2014 - Present • Co-founded the first microcredit institution in the Charlottesville area• Designed and developed CHF’s webpage and related management information system• Support individuals seeking economical stability with financial education and access to $5,000+ in capitalAlternative Investment Fund Managing Director of Relative Value Group September 2013 - Present • Lead a group of 15 analysts and two coverage directors in the tough process of creating alpha by unearthing• Demonstrate through practical examples the importance of qualitative analysis - Porter’s five forces, SWAT – and quantitative analysis - discounted cash flows, capitalization tables, liquidity roll forwards and margins analysis • Pitched WPRT as a short (September 2013) and BBRY as a long (December 2013)Alpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity Vice President of Finance May 2013 - Present • Manage the yearly budget of $20,000 and appropriately distribute it amongst members of the board• Create annual revenue and expense projections based on historical trends and future outlook• Keep accurate and timely books, and record expenses incurred as a chapterSkills and InterestsForeign languages: Italian (Mother tongue), English (Second mother tongue), French (Proficient), German (Proficient), Spanish (Proficient)Computer languages: JAVA (Proficient), Objective C (Basic)Volunteering, traveling, fitness training, beach tennis, rugby and skiingNEXTRESUME
Kendall Vitelli
7 Heritage Lane ? Weston, CT 06883 ? +1 (203) 505-5278 ? mem9yx@virginia.eduUNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA, Charlottesville, VA Expected Graduation Date: May 2016• GPA: 3.64• Major GPAs: 3.74 Economics and 3.84 Art History• Dean’s List Fall of 2014 and Spring of 2013, 2014• Relevant Coursework: Corporate Finance, Econometrics, Introduction to Managerial Accounting and Financial Accounting, Introduction to Statistics, Introduction to Statistical Analysis, Introduction to Business, Introduction to Microeconomics and Macroeconomics, Intermediate Microeconomics and Macroeconomics, Investment Management, Theory of Financial Markets• Study Abroad in Florence, Italy Spring of 2015WESTON HIGH SCHOOL, Weston, CT Graduated: June 2012• SAT: 740 Reading, 760 Math, 680 Writing• Accomplishments and Awards: 2012 Captain of Women’s Tennis Team, 2012 High School Female Scholar-Athlete of the Year, Tennis State Championship 2009-2011, Tennis South-West Conference Championship 2009-2011FIFTH STREET ASSET MANAGEMENT, Greenwich, CT Summer 2015• Evaluated and analyzed potential credit investment opportunities for both syndication and participation in a variety of industries (healthcare, education, technology)• Performed underwriting due diligence by participating in industry and management calls, creating diligence question lists, and analyzing prospective investment’s dataroom files• Generated investment memorandums and valuation research reports for internal and external constituents• Participated in portfolio management and monitoring of existing investmentsGENERAL ATLANTIC: A GLOBAL GROWTH EQUITY INVESTMENT FIRM, Greenwich, CT Summer 2014• Created internal weekly public portfolio and monthly macroeconomic reports through programs such as iLevel and Capital IQ• Participated in private company’s mid-year valuations including conference calls to deal teams in the U.S. and overseas• Generated financial and quarterly summaries on portfolio companies for the mid-year investor memo• Developed a dynamic spreadsheet in order to show comparisons between portfolio companies and industry peersTORO’S TACOS AND TEQUILA BAR, Charlottesville, VA September 2013-November 2014• Worked between 20 to 25 hours per week since restaurant opened• Designated as the point person to train all new servers in both the computer system and customer service• Multitasked and worked as a team to provide efficient, enjoyable customer serviceLEADERSHIP AND ACTIVITIESALPHA KAPPA PSI – A Professional Business Fraternity, Charlottesville, VA September 2013-Present• Former social chair and former fundraising chair for pledge class• Analyzed a specific company during a 4-week stock pitch competition judged by individuals from Bluestem AssetManagement, LLC and University of Virginia Investment Management Company• Developed public speaking, Excel, and PowerPoint skills through 2-3 presentations each week for 8 weeks on companyADDITIONAL INFORMATION• Computer Skills: iLevel Solutions, S&P Capital IQ, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft PowerPoint• Other Activities: Flowerdew Hundred Archaeological Collection, University of Virginia Ski and Snowboard Team, University of Virginia Club Tennis TeamNEXTRESUME
Tori Chong
Vienna, VA 22182 • (703) 849-8942 • tgc5me@virginia.edu • www.linkedin.com/in/tiffanychong1University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA May 2018College of Arts and Sciences – Potential Candidate for the McIntire School of Commerce
? GPA: 3.75/4.0George C. Marshall High School, Falls Church, VA June 2014International Baccalaureate Diploma RecipientPROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCEU.S. Department of Agriculture, ARS Budget &amp; Management Intern June-August 2015? Analyzed Funding Allocations and Obligations relating to the agency’s $1.1 billion budget? Managed allocation reports for over 1,000 research projects and 100 national research locations? Organized and consolidated ten years’ worth of status of funds reports through Excel? Verified fund data during a major transition from the old to new tracking system to improve? Provided new recording formats for tracking yearly Congressional Action Plans more efficientlyICS Nett, Inc., Project Management Intern July-August 2014? Created a new tracking system for employees’ training requirements which is still used today? Participated in a shadowing rotational program with senior leadershipConference on Asian Pacific American Leadership June-August 2015? Selected from a nationwide pool of applicants after applying and being interviewed? Led Asian American issue discussions at the White House Youth Forum? Engaged in weekly professional leadership sessions featuring congressional leaders? Networked with over 40 professional Asian American leaders in the Metropolitan areaMadison House Holiday Sharing, Program Volunteer August 2014-February 2015? Directed marketing, inventory, and distribution for over 20,000 undergraduate students? Collaborated with the Salvation Army to raise gifts and meals for over 50 local Charlottesville families during the holiday seasonVietnamese Student Association, Membership Chair April 2015-Present? Manage social and philanthropic events and active membership for over 250 members? Direct membership recruitment and expanded membership base by 15%Alpha Kappa Psi: Professional Business Fraternity, Active Member September 2015-Present? Extensively learned a wide array of business knowledge (e.g. finance, marketing, consulting)? Participated in a case competition and stock pitch competitionFuture Business Leaders of American-Phi Beta Lambda, Secretary August 2014-May 2015? Tracked sign-ups for over 50 competitive events to improve the efficiency of event registration? Administered communication with other organizations for service opportunitiesSil’hooettes: All-Female a Capella Group, Alumni Chair April 2015-Present? Contact over 100 alumnae about upcoming events (e.g. concerts) to maintain communication? Established a new section in seasonal newsletters featuring alumnae to re-establish close bond
